There are no degrees of honesty; either you are honest or you are not.
We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Often it takes as much courage to resist as it does to go ahead.
The hardest tumble one can take is to fall over his or her own bluff.
Just because a path is well-beaten is no proof it's the right one.
The road to a friend's house is never long.
With two ears and one tongue, you should hear twice as much as you say.
If you don't try, you can't fail.
Never be diverted from the truth by what you would like to believe.
A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial.
One should learn to disagree without becoming disagreeable.
Admit your mistakes, but don't brag about them.
Memory is the diary we all carry with us.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Unspoken anger is never regretted.
Wisdom is the ability to discover alternatives.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy.
Children have more need of models than of critics.
Inflation makes you realize you never had it so good, so briefly.
Opportunities are seldom labeled.
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
Temperamental benefactor: prima donor.
Always drive as if your children were in the other car.
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
Be sure your conversation generates more light than heat.
Ability is a wonderful thing but its value is greatly enhanced by dependability.
There may be luck in getting a good job, but there's no luck in keeping it.
Inhibitions are tied up in nots.
An argument is two people trying to get the last word in first.
Salesmanship starts when the customer says no.
Smiles are just like colds - they're catching.
Only one who can see the invisible can do the impossible.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Window shopping: Eye browse
Sometimes the best thing to get off your chest is your chin.
When both intuition and logic agree, you are always right.
Sympathy is never wasted except when you give it to yourself.
Nothing is obvious to the uninformed.
The bigger a person's head gets, the easier it is to fill his shoes.
A book, shut tight, is but a block of paper.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
The first great gift we can bestow on others is a good example.
It's all right to drink like a fish, providing you drink what a fish drinks.
Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
Judge a person by the depth of his soul, not by the length of his hair.
The IRS says, 'The best flings in life are not free.'
People cannot truly love others until they learn to love themselves.
Failure is the path of least persistence.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
The dictionary is the only place you can find success before work.
Live and let live is fine, but live and help live is better.
Unless the job means more than the money, the job will never pay more.
If you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there.
A person is not rewarded for having brains, only for using them.
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it.
Generous gestures yield the most when that isn't their purpose.
Most people put on weight in certain places - like dining rooms.
It's just as easy to look for the good things in life rather than the bad.
Life is very interesting, if you make mistakes.
A person who follows the crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
One pound of learning requires ten pounds of common sense to apply it.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
Not saying, but never needing to say, is what really counts.
The test of good manners is to be able to put up pleasantly with bad ones.
The minute you get the idea you're indispensable, you aren't.
The most destructive criticism is indifference.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
People seldom want to walk over you until you lie down.
Well-timed silence has more eloquence than speech.
The employer generally gets the employees he or she deserves.
The time-tested truism: actions speak louder than words.
Only a light bulb can go out every night and still be bright the next day.
Management, like a tree, dies first at the top.
Destiny is the end of independence.
Bird watchers love fowl weather.
Giraffes dine upstairs in the tree house.
A person soon learns how little she or he knows when a child begins to ask questions
On the hole, Swiss cheese is very tasty.
The goose was the life of the pate.
Frequent meditation gurus on you.
Arctic explorers have good ice sight.
Resist the pleasure of criticism.
Poise is the act of raising eyebrows rather than the roof.
Caesar was in bad forum March 15th.
"I only have eyes for ewe," male sheep's lament.
Music store sign: Back in a minuet
A friend is one who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it falls due.
Minds, like parachutes, work only when they are open.
You have to stay awake to make your dreams come true.
Artists that jog usually become great panters.
Gourmet's dream: shipwrecked on a desserted island.
Second childhood: when old goats act like kids
A teaching optometrist sees many pupils.
Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.
The price is what you pay; the value is what you receive.
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Violinists are high strung during performances.
Tuning fork: utensil used at musical banquets
Middle age is when it takes longer to rest than it does to get tired.
Checks and balances: famous juggling act
Happy pearl divers go overboard for work.
Corporate downsizing: title waive
Fun raisers are the life of the party.
Fresh fairy tales have a long elf life.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Hollywood drink: marriage on the rocks
In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
Gourmets first taste the meal with their eyes.
Pipedreams: chimney cleaners' nightmares
Gerry Mander: an unscrupulous politician
A broker is a man on the right end of a telephone.
Some football players are clip-tomaniacs.
Dignity is something that can not be preserved in alcohol.
Race track: a place where windows clean people
Serpentine: snake remover
Not all potters have feats of clay.
A wedding ring is like a tourniquet, it stops your circulation.
More rabbits than people have made their millions.
Guillotine: cure for stiff necks
Success is your name being in everything but the phone book.
A shotgun wedding is a matter of wife or death.
Saps: found in a lot of family trees
Relaxed mountain climbers are slope pokes.
If you can't make light of your troubles, keep them in the dark.
Disc jockeys race to the sound of music.
Talkative tailors yarn on till the end of twine.
Indolent philosopher: Mr. I can't
Beer in a water bed makes a foam mattress.
You'll meet many good guise at masquerades.
Luck has a peculiar habit of favoring those who don't depend on it.
Poets keep writing, for better or verse.
Termites live happily ever rafter.
Chew-Chew trains have several dining cars.
The great wall of China; also found in Macy's.
Columbus had to float a loan for his voyage.
Prejudice saves time; it enables us to form opinions without facts.
Tempo tantrums are thrown in recital halls.
When bird watchers bump heads: OWL!
Be sure you never pass up a good opportunity to remain quiet.
The best eraser in the world is a good night's sleep.
A faux pas gives you an err ache.
Boiling points in people differ in degrees.
Pawn shops are loan-ly places.
A legend is a lie that has attained the dignity of age.
Avid golfers have that fairway look in their eyes.
Some mechanics worship idles.
Flying saucers are sometimes seen in the kitchen.
Crashers at the boat party just barge in.
Personality opens many doors, but character must keep them open.
I never metadata I didn't like.
Failure follows those whose wishbone is where their backbone should be.
Parking meters are Coiniverous.
The Arctic is the land of frozen assets.
Landscapers leaf through gardening books.
Army dentists like to drill teeth.
Boot camp: where shoe salesmen train.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
You have to reed notes to play the oboe.
Out of the mouths of babes come words we should never have said.
Time spent in getting even would be better spent in getting ahead.
Sick professor: ill literate
Sculptor's favorite food: marble cake
About the time you think you can make ends meet, sombody moves the ends.
Tall applicants sometimes make the short list.
Sign of spring: Keep off the grass.
Watchmakers enjoy working overtime.
To make a sponge cake, borrow the butter, borrow the sugar, borrow the ...
Logging can make you stiff as a board.
In wisdom is much grief.
A bachelor's blackbook is full of near Mrs.
The person who invented velvet made a nice pile.
Top Secret - A toupee.
Common sense could prevent most divorces and most marriages.
Comic: The Grin Reaper.
Calculated Risk: Computer dating.
Philatelists get stuck paying new money for old stamps.
Avid fishermen rush from one ex-stream to another.
Polite masseurs never rub customers the wrong way.
The board meeting ended in splinter groups.
Weakdays: after hard nights on the town.
Hold fast to your illusions - they'll keep you young and happy.
Silence is golden to a mime.
Ancient hill top castle: ruin with a view.
Beginner's gardening manual: trowel and error.
Best sellers have plots of gold.
A smile is a curve that can set many things straight.
Sculptors and golfers both chip a lot.
Rhinoceros: Unicorn designed by committee.
Carrying a tune is a heavy load for rock singers.
Too many of us keep looking forward to the good old days.
Some people fall for everything and stand for nothing.
Drill instructors play dirty treks on recruits.
Sea horses are great mudders.
Bandleader: A man who can face the music.
Engaged rabbits get 24 carrot rings.
Things that come to those who wait may be left by those who got there first.
Muse papers give info on the Arts.
If at first you don't succeed, you're running about average.
Gossip is something negative that is developed and then enlarged.
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
Tailors never close shop for alterations.
Debaters throw harangue pies at each other.
Optimists want speed boats, pessimists want life preservers.
Squirrel's nest - nutcracker suite.
Card players spend a good deal of time together.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.-Lincoln
Live to do good and you will never tire of your employment.
After the music conference minuets were typed.
Light travels faster than sound.  That is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
The noblest revenge is forgiveness.
Temper tantrum: letting off scream.
A baby bird that takes after its father is called a 'chirp off the old beak'.
What do you call a gorilla with a green thumb? Hairy Potter
What Roman emporer was susceptible to colds? Julius Sneezer
When spoons work too hard they go stir crazy.
A horse that makes you wakeup scared is called a 'nightmare'.
Why did the pie crust go to the dentist? It needed a filling.
The clown went to the doctor because he was feeling a little funny.
